( birds chirping )
( wind blowing )
Man: TO BE QUIET
AND DO AS YOU'RE TOLD,
THAT'S HOW COWARDS LIVE.
DO YOU STAY DOWN, FIGHT BACK?
( engine roaring )
WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING?
♪
( glass clinks )
DO I STAY DOWN HERE...
OR FIGHT MY WAY OUT?
( crowd roaring )
( boxer grunts )
( chuckles )
( roars )
( boxer #2 panting )
( gasps )
I'M STUCK.
I CAN'T DO EITHER ONE.
♪
Woman: MEGALO‐BOXING
FUSES ATHLETICISM
WITH INNOVATIVE GEAR TECHNOLOGY
TO CREATE THE FUTURE OF BOXING.
IT'S EXCITING, RUGGED,
AND IT'S THE PREMIERE FORM
OF ENTERTAINMENT,
THE ULTIMATE COMBAT SPORT.
TODAY, I UNVEIL THE LONG‐HELD
DREAM OF MY GRANDFATHER,
WHO PRECEDED ME AS THE HEAD
OF THE SHIRATO GROUP,
THE MEGALOBOX TOURNAMENT
KNOWN AS MEGALONIA!
( crowd gasps )
IT WILL GO BEYOND BORDERS
AND INSTITUTIONS,
BECKONING ALL WHO WOULD CLAIM
THE MANTLE OF GREATEST FIGHTER.
THE QUALIFYING ROUNDS
WILL BE GLOBAL,
WITH ONLY FOUR COMPETITORS
MAKING IT
INTO THE FINAL BRACKET.
FIGHTING IN MEGALONIA MEANS
FIGHTING AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL,
AND THAT MEANS
TRUE MEGALO‐BOXING.
THE TOURNAMENT BEGINS
IN THREE MONTHS.
WHO WILL END UP BEING
THE RIGHTFUL CHAMPION?
THAT WILL BE DECIDED
IN THE RING.
Mechanic: THERE.
NOW, THEN...
Reporter: SOME CRITICS CLAIM
THAT MEGALO‐BOXING
IS LITTLE MORE
THAN VIOLENT SPECTACLE.
YOUR THOUGHTS?
Promoter:
WE CONSIDER IT A GLOBAL BENEFIT
THAT PROMOTES COHESION
BETWEEN ALL SOCIAL LEVELS.
THE POTENTIAL
OF GEAR TECHNOLOGY IS LIMITLESS,
AND MEGALONIA WILL BE THE FIRST
STEP IN DEMONSTRATING THAT.
Mechanic: I'M ALL FINISHED
FIXING UP YOUR GEAR.
THE MOTORCYCLE'S
GONNA TAKE A BIT LONGER, THOUGH.
( boxer crunching )
JUST HOW THE HELL DID YOU MANAGE
TO WRECK IT THAT BADLY, ANYWAY?
Reporter: ...MOMENTS AGO THAT
YOU'D BE ACCEPTING COMPETITORS
FROM ANY REGION OR ORGANIZATION.
ARE THERE ANY RESTRICTIONS?
Yukiko: NO RESTRICTIONS ON AGE,
NATIONALITY, OR QUALIFICATIONS.
MEGALONIA IS OPEN
TO ALL CITIZENS.
( boxer scoffs )
Yukiko: NOW I'D LIKE
TO INTRODUCE THE MAN
WHO MIGHT BE CALLED THE STAR
OF THE MEGALONIA TOURNAMENT,
ITS FIRST COMPETITOR.
HE'S AN UNDEFEATED CHAMPION.
HIS DOMINATING PROWESS
HAS MADE HIM THE FAVORITE
TO WIN THIS COMPETITION.
YOU COULD SAY
THAT HE'S THE EMBODIMENT...
‐ ( boxer sighs )
‐ Yukiko: OF TRUE MEGALO‐BOXING.
HE'S THE KING OF THE RING, YUR‐‐
( boxer groans )
Mechanic: HMM.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA ENTER, THEN?
Boxer: SHE SAID THAT IT'S OPEN
TO ALL "CITIZENS."
DIDN'T YOU HEAR THAT PART?
Mechanic: HMPH.
SINCE WE DON'T
HAVE CITIZEN I. D. s,
I GUESS THAT MAKES US
NON‐CITIZENS, THEN?
EH, WHO CARES?
THERE'S AN APPEAL
TO LIVING FREE,
NOT BEING HELD DOWN
BY ANYTHING.
IT'S FINE BY ME.
( boxer chuckles )
‐ ( crowd yelling )
‐ ( dogs barking )
Man: YOU BETTER HURRY!
GET YOUR ASS MOVING!
FASTER, YOU MANGY HOUND!
YOU BETTER KEEP RUNNING,
OR IT'S THE SOUP POT FOR YOU!
AFTER IT! GO! GO!
DAMN.
( tickets crinkling )
( scoffs )
LAST TIME I BET ON A STUPID DOG.
Mechanic: HERE YOU GO.
YOU SIGN THE INVOICE?
HMPH. THE NAMELESS MAN
WHO ONLY GOES BY HIS RING NAME.
MR. JUNK DOG,
YOUR REPAIRS ARE NOW COMPLETE.
YOU KNOW, REAL BOXERS
ARE PROBABLY JUST LIKE YOU.
CITIZENSHIP DOESN'T MAKE YOU
A BETTER ATHLETE.
Junk Dog:
ENOUGH OF THE CRAZY TALK.
WHAT DO I OWE YOU?
Mechanic: THIS IS
THE THIRD TIME THIS MONTH
YOUR TIP PAID OFF FOR ME,
SO LET'S CALL IT EVEN.
( Junk Dog chuckles )
THEN I SUGGEST YOU BET ON ME
WINNING TONIGHT FOR A CHANGE.
( overlapping chatter )
Man: YOU GUYS HEAR
ABOUT THIS MEGALONIA THING?
Man #2: WHY SHOULD
I CARE ABOUT IT?
Man #3: MAN, IF I WAS
JUST A BIT YOUNGER.
♪
Junk Dog: HUH?
( pounding on door )
Man: YO! 'SUP, JUNK DOG?
YOU GOTTA MAKE YOUR DIVE
LOOK GOOD AGAIN TONIGHT.
Junk Dog: SORRY, BUD.
TONIGHT, I'M GOING ALL OUT.
Men: HMM?
Man #2: DIDN'T OLD MAN NANBU
TELL YOU WHAT'S UP?
Junk Dog: SON OF A BITCH.
( Nanbu swallowing )
( sighs )
HMM?
HEY, PARTNER! DID YOU COME
ALL THE WAY HERE TO PICK ME UP?
OH, YOU'RE SUCH A SWEETHEART.
( weeps )
I WAS WONDERING.
COULD YOU MAYBE LET ME BORROW
A LITTLE SOMETHIN‐‐HUH?
Junk Dog:
START TALKING, POPS, RIGHT NOW.
YOU PROMISED.
YOU SAID THERE'D BE
NO SHADY CRAP
GOING DOWN TONIGHT.
Nanbu: HAH! LOOK, MAN,
YOU KNOW WE HELP EACH OTHER OUT,
SO LET'S DROP THE SOCIAL GRACES
AND BE REAL.
IT'S WHAT YOU MIGHT CALL
A SUDDEN CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCE.
WHEN YOU FIGHT
FOR SERIOUS AND WIN,
IT DOESN'T BRING IN ENOUGH CASH.
THEY THREATENED ME OVER IT.
Junk Dog: SCREW THAT GARBAGE!
I TOLD YOU. I'M SICK AND TIRED
OF THROWING THESE DAMN FIGHTS!
Nanbu: ANSWER ME ONE QUESTION.
HOW'S AN ILLEGAL MEGALO‐BOXER
WITH NO FAME AND NO I. D.
SUPPOSED TO MAKE
SOME MONEY OTHERWISE?
HMPH. YOU KNOW I'M RIGHT.
YOU'RE TOO STRONG
FOR UNDERGROUND FIGHTS.
NO ONE WANTS A BOXER IN THE RING
SO GOOD HE MAKES
THE ODDS ONE‐SIDED.
LOOK, JUST SUCK IT UP
A LITTLE BIT LONGER.
NEXT TIME, I'LL TRY
AND GET YOU WHAT YOU'RE AFTER,
A REAL MATCH WITH
A REAL OPPONENT, ALL RIGHT?
( chuckles )
( crowd yelling )
Nanbu: IF YOU'RE HARD UP
OR A CHEAP‐ASS, YOU BET ON DOGS.
BUT IF YOU'VE
SOME CASH TO SPARE,
EVEN A LITTLE,
YOU BET ON PEOPLE.
( crowd cheering )
( footsteps )
Nanbu: HEY.
IT'S SHOWTIME.
( earpiece click )
♪
Referee: THREE‐MINUTE ROUNDS
WITH NO ROUND LIMIT.
( hydraulics hiss )
WHO'S GONNA GET HIT SO HARD
THEY PUKE BLOOD?!
MAKING HIS FIRST APPEARANCE
AT THE DRUNK MONK, JUNK DOG!
AND OUR HEADLINER,
GHETTO HACHIYA!
THIS IS TONIGHT'S MAIN EVENT!
IF YOU'VE GOT
ANY CASH LEFT ON YOU,
NOW'S THE TIME TO COUGH IT UP!
( man gags )
WOULD YOU GET A LOAD OF THAT?!
WHAT'S WITH THAT GEAR?
LOOKS LIKE
HE'S WEARING A SCRAPHEAP!
Man #2: HACHIYA,
SMASH THAT KID AND HIS GEAR!
( Nanbu on earpiece )
YOU REMEMBER THE PLAN, RIGHT?
TOWARD THE END
OF THE THIRD ROUND
WHEN THERE'S A MINUTE LEFT,
YOU'RE GONNA TAKE THE FALL.
FEEL FREE TO GRAB THE LEAD
IN THE EARLY ROUNDS, OKAY?
WORD IS,
THIS GUY'S A SLOW STARTER.
JUST TAKE YOUR TIME,
AND DRAW HIM OUT. GOT IT?
‐ ( bell rings )
‐ ( crowd yelling )
Hachiya: WHAT IN THE HELL
ARE YOU WEARING?
THAT'S SOME BUSTED‐ASS GEAR,
LITTLE DOGGIE,
DEFINITELY
NOT A CROWD‐PLEASER.
( thinking )
HE MUST BE SCREWING WITH ME.
( Junk Dog grunts )
( Hachiya grunting )
YOU THOUGHT
I'D LET YOU TAKE THE LEAD?
‐ ( Junk Dog scoffs )
‐ Cornerman: YEAH.
( punches thumping )
( Gear whirring )
Nanbu: DAMN,
HE'S REALLY GOING FOR IT.
SO MUCH FOR BEING
A SLOW STARTER.
LISTEN UP.
CHANGE OF PLANS, PARTNER.
PICK UP THE PACE,
AND PUSH HIM BACK.
Junk Dog: EASY FOR YOU TO SAY.
( chuckles )
( Hachiya gasps )
( gasps )
( bell rings )
( crowd gasps )
( Hachiya shuddering )
Cornerman: DAMN IT, THAT JERK
WAS JUST ROPE‐A‐DOPIN'!
Junk Dog: THOUGHT SO.
WITHOUT THE GEAR,
YOU'RE NO BOXER.
Spectator: JUNK DOG!
Spectator #2: I'M PUTTING
MY MONEY ON THE TRASH HEAP!
Spectator #3:
SWITCH ME TO JUNK DOG!
Nanbu: MAN, THIS IS
WHY PEOPLE HATE AMATEURS.
Cornerman: HIS GEAR IS GARBAGE!
Nanbu: GOING ALL OUT
IN AN UNDERGROUND MATCH
THAT'S MOSTLY FOR GAMBLING,
ONE WITH A FIXED OUTCOME,
AT THAT.
IT'S NOT LIKE HE'S GONNA LOSE
EITHER WAY, YOU KNOW?
( chuckles )
Junk Dog: A ONE‐ROUND K. O.
Nanbu: HUH?
Junk Dog: IF IT WASN'T FIXED,
THIS FIGHT WOULD HAVE
BEEN OVER WITH BY NOW.
( Nanbu scoffs )
( bell rings )
Promoter: THE BETS ARE STARTING
TO FAVOR JUNK DOG WINNING THIS.
GOTTA SAY
THE KID'S QUITE A PERFORMER.
AND AS FOR MEGALO‐BOXING,
YOU'RE AS SMART AS THEY COME,
JUST LIKE THE BOSS SAID.
( chuckles )
PLUS, HE CAN PULL IT OFF
WEARING THAT PIECE OF JUNK.
IF THE KID WASN'T WASTING AWAY
IN THIS HOLE, HE MIGHT HAVE
‐ HAD A SHOT AT THE BIG TIME.
‐ Nanbu: HMM?
Promoter: I'M TALKING
ABOUT MEGALONIA.
JUST GETTING IN
SCORES YOU SOME GLORY,
BUT THE CHAMPIONSHIP PURSE
WOULD SET YOU UP FOR LIFE,
ENOUGH TO MOVE TO THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE TRACKS AND ENJ‐‐
Nanbu: MR. DOMOTO...
THE KID AND I ARE
JUST A COUPLE OF FRAUDS
WHO ARE NEVER GONNA
BASK IN THAT MUCH SUNLIGHT.
WE KNOW OUR PLACE
IN THE FOOD CHAIN.
EARNING EASY MONEY LIKE THIS
IS MORE IN OUR WHEELHOUSE.
( punches thumping )
THERE'S LESS
THAN A MINUTE LEFT.
GET READY TO WRAP THINGS UP.
NOW LISTEN, PARTNER.
LOSING TO THIRD‐RATE PUNKS
LIKE THIS JACKASS
DOESN'T REFLECT POORLY
ON YOU, OKAY?
YOU'VE GOT TRUE SKILL, SON,
OR MY NAME ISN'T GANSAKU NANBU.
( Junk Dog gags )
( chuckles ) TRUE SKILL, HUH?
WHAT BULLSHIT.
‐ ( crowd cheering )
‐ ( ears ringing )
( no audible dialogue )
THEN AGAIN,
WHAT DID I EXPECT?
Domoto: GOOD WORK, MY FRIEND.
I TOOK OUT THE INTEREST
FOR YOUR DEBTS, AS PER USUAL.
Nanbu: OF COURSE, NO PROBLEM.
Domoto: YOU KEEP THIS UP,
AND YOU'LL CLEAN THE SLATE
IN NO TIME.
BY THE WAY, I HEAR YOUR PARTNER
WAS PRETTY PISSED OFF
AFTERWARDS.
IS IT GONNA BE A PROBLEM
IF WE BRING HIM BACK?
( Nanbu sighs ) DON'T WORRY.
ONCE HE COOLS OFF,
HE'LL BE BACK.
IT'S NOT LIKE HE'S GOT
ANYWHERE ELSE TO GO.
Man: CONSTRUCTION IS
PROCEEDING ON SCHEDULE.
I ASSURE YOU,
EVERYTHING WILL BE READY
FOR THE EVENT IN THREE MONTHS.
Yukiko: WELL DONE.
IT SHALL BE A STAGE
WORTHY OF A CHAMPION.
IN ORDER TO MAKE
THIS PROJECT A SUCCESS,
YOU MUST BE THE LAST MAN
STANDING ON THAT STAGE, YURI.
UNDERSTOOD?
Yuri: YES.
I HEAR YOU LOUD AND CLEAR.
YOU CAN BE CERTAIN
THAT YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED.
♪
Yukiko: FOR YOU,
AS WELL AS FOR MYSELF,
WHAT YOU SEE BEFORE YOU
WILL BE THE STARTING POINT
FOR NEW DREAMS.
LET'S HEAD BACK.
( Yuri grunts )
Nanbu: STAY DOWN.
( Junk Dog gasps )
( Yukiko gasps )
( Junk Dog grunting )
( groaning )
Yuri: ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
Yukiko: I'M FINE.
Yuri: HUH?
Junk Dog: WHAT THE HELL?
‐ ( groans )
‐ Yukiko: YOU THERE...
ARE YOU INJURED?
Junk Dog: WERE YOU
TRYING TO DIE?!
Yukiko:
MY DEEPEST APOLOGIES, SIR.
THIS ROAD ISN'T
SUPPOSED TO BE OPEN YET
AND IS ON PRIVATE PROPERTY.
CONTACT THIS NUMBER,
AND MY COMPANY WILL MAKE SURE
YOU ARE FULLY REIMBURSED.
MY NAME IS YUKIKO SHIRATO.
( Junk Dog grunts )
( sighs )
I DON'T NEED YOUR CHARITY.
Yukiko: UH, BUT YOUR‐‐
Yuri: HUH?
♪
Yukiko: AS YOU WISH.
Junk Dog: WHAT'S THIS
ABOUT "TRUE MEGALO‐BOXING"?!
THAT'S A LOAD OF HORSESHIT.
CALL IT WHATEVER YOU LIKE,
BUT IT'LL NEVER BE ANYTHING
MORE THAN JUST A DAMN BRAWL.
( Yukiko gasps )
( gasps )
Yuri: YOU'RE GOING
TO TAKE BACK THOSE WORDS.
( Junk Dog chuckles )
YOU THE ONE
THAT'S GONNA MAKE ME?
THEN ENLIGHTEN ME, TOUGH GUY.
YOU SHOW ME WHAT
"TRUE" MEGALO‐BOXING'S ABOUT.
( grunts )
♪
Yuri: A STREET DOG
WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND.
Junk Dog: TRY ME.
I'LL TAKE ON ANYBODY,
INCLUDING YOU.
( gasps )
( sighs )
Yuri: AH.
Yukiko: YURI!
Junk Dog: HUH?
( chuckles ) SHE'S GOT YOU
ON A PRETTY SHORT LEASH, HUH?
WHO'S THE DOG NOW, BUDDY?
Yukiko: IT'S TIME TO GO.
( engine rumbling )
( Junk Dog scoffs )
Mechanic: TAKE CARE
OF THAT BIKE NOW.
I'M KIND OF STARTING
TO TAKE PITY ON IT.
Junk Dog: I'M SORRY
ABOUT HOW THAT MATCH TURNED OUT,
BUT TODAY, I‐‐
Mechanic: MY WIFE USED TO
TELL ME THAT I WAS A GOOD MAN,
GOOD, BUT FAR TOO TRUSTING,
AND THAT I'D ALWAYS
BE DIRT POOR BECAUSE OF IT.
SPOT ON, HUH?
Junk Dog: YOUR WIFE
SOME KIND OF FORTUNETELLER?
Abuhachi: EX‐WIFE, ACTUALLY.
SHE RAN OFF A LONG TIME AGO.
BUT, SEE, HERE'S THE THING.
I CAN'T HELP BUT BELIEVE
IN THE PART OF ME
THAT STILL BELIEVES, YOU KNOW?
TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT,
IT'S JUST WHO I AM. SEE?
( Junk Dog chuckles )
MAN, YOU REALLY
ARE GONNA STAY DIRT POOR.
( overlapping chatter )
Nanbu: HEY.
HEY, PARTNER!
DAMN IT, STOP DAYDREAMING,
AND LISTEN.
LOOK, EVEN IF IT'S
JUST FOR FIVE ROUNDS,
TRY AND DRAG THIS OUT, OKAY?
Junk Dog: YOU PROMISED
I COULD FIGHT FOR REAL TODAY.
KEEP NAGGING ME, AND I'LL KNOCK
HIS ASS OUT IN THE FIRST ROUND.
Nanbu: OKAY, FINE!
DO WHAT YOU WANT,
BUT THIS ARRANGEMENT
IS FOR TODAY ONLY. GOT IT?
DAMN.
HOW LONG'S HE
GONNA KEEP US WAITING?
HEY! SOMEONE DRAG
THAT BASTARD OUT HERE!
IF HE'S CHICKENING OUT,
WRAP A LEASH AROUND HIS NECK,
AND HAUL HIM INTO THE RING!
Junk Dog: HEY, POPS.
Nanbu: WHAT IS IT?
Junk Dog: IF I SAID I WANTED TO
STOP THROWING FIGHTS ALTOGETHER,
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
♪
Nanbu: KID, YOU SERIOUS?
( Junk Dog gasps )
Nanbu: HEY! I ASKED
IF YOU'RE SERIOUS ABOUT THIS.
( growls )
‐ Junk Dog: IT'S HIM.
‐ Nanbu: HUH?
"HIM," WHO?
Referee: SIR, YOU CAN'T JUST‐‐
( gasps ) WHOA!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN HERE?
Yuri: ME AND THAT STRAY DOG
HAVE GOT SOME...
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
‐ ( Nanbu gasps )
‐ ( both gasp )
Spectator: IT'S YURI, THE YURI!
( crowd cheering )
Spectator #2: HOLY CRAP!
THAT MUST BE
SHIRATO'S INTEGRATED GEAR!
Spectator #3:
AW, IT'S LIKE A SECOND SKIN!
THAT'S SOME AMAZING TECH!
Spectator #4:
IT'S NOT JUST GEAR.
HIS BODY LOOKS LIKE IT'S
MADE OF METAL! IT'S CRAZY!
( Junk Dog sighs )
Nanbu: WHAT'S GOING ON, PARTNER?
WHY IS THE CHAMP
HERE WITH US RIFFRAFF,
‐ AND WHY'S HE CALLING YOU OUT?
‐ Junk Dog: "CHAMP"?
Nanbu: YOU SERIOUSLY DON'T KNOW?
HIS NAME IS YURI.
HE'S THE MEGALOBOX CHAMPION.
( Junk Dog gasps ) THEN...
HE'LL BE IN MEGALONIA.
Nanbu: HUH?
( Junk Dog grunts )
Nanbu: HEY! COME BACK!
Junk Dog: FOR YOU TO COME
ALL THE WAY DOWN TO THIS PIT,
I MUST HAVE
SERIOUSLY PISSED YOU OFF.
YOUR OWNER NOT WITH YOU TODAY,
I TAKE IT?
Yuri: UNFORTUNATELY, THERE'S
NO ONE HERE TO STOP ME TONIGHT.
Nanbu: NO WAY
IS THIS GONNA HAPPEN.
WHOA, EASY. HANG ON A SEC!
( laughs ) I SINCERELY APOLOGIZE
FOR WHATEVER THIS BRAT DID
TO DISRESPECT YOU, SIR,
BUT IF YOU
DON'T MIND ME SAYING SO,
FIGHTING A TRASH
UNDERGROUND BOXER LIKE THIS
WOULD JUST MAKE YOU
LOOK BAD, CHAMP.
Junk Dog: GIVE IT A REST, POPS.
Nanbu: COME ON, KID.
APOLOGIZE TO THE CHAMPION.
I'VE FOUND THAT
A NICE, SINCERE APOLOGY...
‐ Domoto: ...TALK TO THE BOSS.
‐ Nanbu: GOES A LONG WAY! RIGHT?
Junk Dog: I TOLD YOU,
GIVE IT A REST!
( crowd gasps )
( Nanbu groans ) ASSHOLE.
♪
‐ HUH?
‐ Junk Dog: SORRY, POPS.
JUST CALL THIS
A SUDDEN CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCE.
Nanbu: ARE YOU
OUT OF YOUR MIND?!
THAT'S THE ACTUAL CHAMPION
IN THERE WITH YOU.
Junk Dog: NOT TOO LONG AGO,
YOU TOLD ME SOMETHING.
YOU SAID MY SKILLS
ARE THE REAL DEAL.
I KNOW YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT,
BUT, ME, I WANNA BELIEVE,
BELIEVE THAT MY FAITH
IN MYSELF IS REAL.
Nanbu: WHAT?
WHAT'D YOU JUST SAY?
Crowd: YURI! YURI!
YURI! YURI! YURI!
Junk Dog: SOUNDS LIKE
YOU GOT SOME FANS.
GOOD FOR YOU.
( Gear hums )
Yuri: SO WHAT'S
YOUR REAL NAME, KID?
THEY CAN'T PUT
YOUR RING NAME ON A TOMBSTONE.
( Junk Dog scoffs )
NO ONE MAKES TOMBSTONES...
FOR STRAY DOGS.
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )